[Coding guideline] Add implementation and grouping section (#641)
vdaas/vald: docs/contributing/coding-style.md

package cache
````

### General style

This section describes the general guideline for the Vald programming style, every Vald contributor should keep these general guidelines in mind while working on the implementation of Vald.

#### Order of declaration

> Put the higher priority or frequently used declaration on the top of other declaration. It makes Vald easier to read and search the target source code in Vald.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the higher priority or frequently used declaration on the top of other declaration.
It makes Vald easier to read and search the target source code in Vald.
```

> For example, the interface declaration should have higher priority then struct or function declaration, hence it should be put above other declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the interface declaration should have higher priority than struct or function declaration, hence it should be put above other declaration.
```

```go
// bad
type S struct {}

func (s *S) fn() {}

type I interface {}

// good
type I interface {}

type S struct {}

func (s *S) fn() {}
```

#### Group simliar definition

> Group similar definitions such as struct or interface declaration. We should not group interface and struct declaration in the same block, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Group similar definitions such as struct or interface declaration.
We should not group interface and struct declaration in the same block, for example:
```

All functions return `error` if the function can fail. It is very important to ensure the error checking is performed.
To reduce human mistake that missing the error checking, please check the error using the following style:

<table>
<thead><tr><th>Bad</th><th>Good</th></tr></thead>
<tbody><tr><td>

```go
if err := fn(); err != nil {
    // handle error
}
```

</td><td>

```go
err := fn()
if err != nil {
    // handle error
}

> ```

Reviewer: opposite

if err := fn(); err != nil {
    // handle error
}

// bad
err := fn()

> if err != nil {

Reviewer: Why you don't use side-by-side style here?

| FATAL     | Message that indicate the application is corrupting or having serious issue.<br>The application will go down after logging the fatal error. <br>Someone must investigate and resolve the fatal as soon as possible.                            | Failed to init the required cache during the application start.                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

## Implementation

> This section includes some examples of general implementation which is widely used in Vald. The implementation may differ base on your use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section includes some examples of general implementation which is widely used in Vald. The implementation may differ based on your use case.
```

### Functional Option

In Vald, the functional option pattern is widely used in Vald. You can refer to [this section](#Struct-initialization) for more details of the use case of this pattern.

We suggest the following implementation to set the value to the target.

```go
func WithVersion(version string) Option { d
    return func(c *client) error {

>         c.version = version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       if len(version) != 0 {
              c.version = version       
       }
```

| FATAL     | Message that indicate the application is corrupting or having serious issue.<br>The application will go down after logging the fatal error. <br>Someone must investigate and resolve the fatal as soon as possible.                            | Failed to init the required cache during the application start.                                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

## Implementation

> This section includes some examples of general implementation which is widely used in Vald. The implementation may differ based on your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section includes some examples of general implementation which is popular in Vald.
The implementation may differ from your use case.
```

### Functional Option

> In Vald, the functional option pattern is widely used in Vald. You can refer to [this section](#Struct-initialization) for more details of the use case of this pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vald, the functional option pattern is widely used in Vald.
You can refer to [this section](#Struct-initialization) for more details of the use case of this pattern.
```

> We suggest the following implementation to set the value to the target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly suggest the following implementation to set the value to the target.
```

Author: I changed it to 
```
We strongly recommend the following implementation to set the value using functional option.
```

```go
func WithVersion(version string) Option { d
    return func(c *client) error {
        if len(version) != 0 {
            c.version = version
        }
        return nil
    }
}
```

We suggest the following implementation to parse the time string and set the time to the target struct.

```go

> func WithTimeout(dur string) Option {

Reviewer 2: I want the indent to look nicer. :pray:

Author: what do you mean?

Author: fixed. please check :)

}
```

> We recommend using the following implementation to parse the time string and set the time to the target struct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend the following implementation to parse the time string and set the time to the target struct.
```
